{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green13\blue20;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17480\viewh13120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Client-Server communication homework
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 \
\uc0\u8232 
\fs40 1. Open the Main page
\fs24 \
\uc0\u8232 \

\fs32 The client makes a request URL:\'a0
\i https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki.Main_Page
\i0 \'a0to the server. The request method is GET ( the client \'93asked\'94 the server via web browser for the Wikipedia page). The Status code is 304 (the client performed a request but the document has not been modified). During this session cookies were employed to store client choices. Geo IP was stored for later use (most often used for targeted advertising).\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 The response is an HTML page. Stylesheet and some other images load from memory/disk cache(saved on the previous visit made on the page) so the images can load faster. Cookies are stored in the browser and every time the client returns, the data is sent back to the site.\
\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \
\uc0\u8232 \

\fs40 2. Try to register a new user name by providing invalid data in the fields
\fs24 \
\uc0\u8232 \

\fs32 The client makes a request URL:\'a0\

\i https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special:CreateAccount&returnto=Main+Page.\'a0
\i0 The client enters an already taken User name in the registration field. The request method used in communication with the server is request method 200(request has succeeded).\'a0\
\uc0\u8232 The server\'92s response is a JSON format file (a warning) and a message saying that the entered username is already taken. 
\fs28 \
\

\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \

\fs40 3. Create a new user by providing valid data in the registration fields
\fs36 \

\fs24 \uc0\u8232 \

\fs32 The client makes a request URL:\'a0\

\i https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Special:CreateAccount&returnto=Main+Page
\i0 \'a0to the server.\
The request method is POST(a new account was created and saved on the server). Status code is 302(the client registered successfully and redirected to the main page). Cookies regarding user ID, last access, authorisation, Geo IP, login were stored in the browser and on the client machine.\'a0\
When the client logs out, sends a GET request method to the server, status code 200.\
\
The server\'92s response is an HTML page. Cookies regarding the user\'92s name and Geo IP are stored for a later login on the page for performance and advertising use.\
\uc0\u8232 
\fs24 \
}